# Image Description
LabCentral tracks employee data from initial application creation through an
employee's graduation or termination.

Managers can add specific questions to the employment application and request
sets of data that prospective applicants must disclose in order to submit a
job application. Voluntary questions and metrics, as required by Penn State
University's HR department, are included as well.

Prospective employees can submit, modify and withdraw their employment
application, and all status updates are logged appropriately. The Employment
Application module processes approximately 500 applications per year, so it is
essential that managers can view both detailed applicant data as well as
generalized information.



# George's Contribution
My contributions to the Employment Application module include rewriting it to
function in Drupal 7, and rewriting all database queries to use PDO.
Additionally, I regularly worked with Human Resources to ensure the module was
compliant with all state and federal laws, including data retention and
voluntary information disclosure (including Affirmative Action data tracking).

I rewrote the job offer and job acceptance routines to automate large
portions of the process. Prior to the rewrite, management had to manually
extend job offers via e-mail, wait for the candidate to write an acceptance
letter. Upon receiving the acceptance, the manager then had to manually move
the candidate's profile from "interview" to "new hire". Additionally, at the
time of hire, the candidate needed to return to the office to fill out
additional forms confirming acceptance of employment. After my rewrite, a
successful candidate receives a programatically generated e-mail with a
confirmation link. By clicking on the link, their application is automatically
updated and they are given several additional forms that must be filled out
online. This rewrite increases productivity by no longer requiring the
successful applicant to return to the office to fill out those forms, and
guarantees that no individual's paperwork is lost or misplaced during the
onboarding process.



# Disclaimer
This image is a manager's view of a prospective employee's application. The
data listed in this image is fabricated and does not represent any actual
candidate.