# Image Description
LabCentral automatically tracks employee timeclock anomalies and requests an
explanation from an employee when the anomaly exceeds certain pre-defined
thresholds.  The payroll-processing system generates a list of anomalies, and
this module parses the XML.

Managers can see communication requests which are still awaiting an employee's
response, or which are in the process of being reviewed by other managers.
Further, management can investigate a communication, or can request a more
in-depth explanation by merely clicking on the row in question.

This table updates in real-time and supports multiple managers interacting
simultaneously. When an employee submits a new communication, a javascript
timer queries the site for table changes, and any manager viewing the table
will see a new row added to the table. Likewise, if a manager reviews a
communication, all other managers will see the row disappear from the table.
The design of this interface is to maximize speed while retaining the ability
to quickly deep-dive into a specific communication if needed.



# George's Contributions
The module was originally written by another developer for Drupal 6. My
contributions included rewriting the module to support Drupal 7 and updating
all database queries to use PDO.

Originally, the module used an unstandardized data format to record all
communications. I updated the module to rely on Drupal's "node" system. I
added the javascript to automatically update the table. Finally, I added data
validation routines to ensure that payroll's reported timeclock anomalies
only contained the unit's employees data, and to alert management to any
reported anomalies that fell outside . This additional data validation is
necessary to prevent erroneous submissions, such as anomalies reported for
student employees who did not work for our unit but were included in the XML
file that payroll provided to us.



# Disclaimer
This image is a manager's view of a theoretical list of employee
communications. Personal names and shift names that were used in the creation
of this image have been intentionally blacked out.