# Image Description
Employees in LabCentral utilized a module called LabTrack to view their work
area and the nearby computer labs which they were also assigned to monitor.

At the top of the image is a user contact submission form that student
employees utilized to track their interactions with customers in the
computer labs.

On the map are markers to indicate nearby computer lab locations and their
present availability. Icons change color and shape to indicate ongoing
issues that requires an employee's attention. The purple icon in this image
represents a minor issue that will require an employee's attention.

Adjacent to the map is a series of timer bars that tick down. The timer bars
indicate when the last employee visited, as well as indicating when a room
is occupied by a prior event or class. Penn State University's classroom
scheduler service provides the schedules and the LabTrack module parses them
for display. These schedules update in real-time. In this image, the grey
bar (Atherton C-108) is greyed out due to a room reservation. Similarly,
Beaver has a green bar, indicating that a student employee was present
recently.



# George's Contribution
I converted most of the LabTrack module from Drupal 6 to Drupal 7, including
rewriting many of the database queries to use PDO.

At the top of the page, I rewrote the contact form by adding CSS to allow it
to properly scale for both desktop and mobile browsers. Prior to this, the
form did not display properly on most mobile browsers.

On the map, I wrote the ServiceNow connector, which permits LabTrack to
query the ServiceNow service for open assigned incidents, and allows student
employees to manipulate the incident within a limited scope and close
incidents that are resolved. In this image, the purple icon (Redifer) is one
such location that has an ongoing incident that requires resolution. By
successfully completing this connector, the unit's 200 student employees
interact with ServiceNow within the scope of the unit's mission, but without
requiring individual student employee account licensing, provisioning or
training, resulting in significant recurring annual savings for the Service
Management Office and a significant reduction in training and account
provisioning overhead for the unit.

Finally, I wrote the classroom schedule connector for the timer bars
adjacent to the map. The connector queries Penn State University's classroom
schedule server, retrieves the current and future reservations for all
visible and active rooms, and alters the display of the bars in real-time,
updating the bar colors according to the present status of the room.



# Disclaimer
This image is a manager's view of the LabTrack module. Personal names used
in the creation of this image have been blackened out.